feat(ecs-patterns): add ecs exec support (#18663)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-ecs-patterns/README.md

  loadBalancerName: 'application-lb-name',
});
```

### ECS Exec

> To enable ECS Exec, all Services, i.e. `ApplicationLoadBalanced(Fargate|Ec2)Service`, `ApplicationMultipleTargetGroups(Fargate|Ec2)Service`, `NetworkLoadBalanced(Fargate|Ec2)Service`, `NetworkMultipleTargetGroups(Fargate|Ec2)Service`, `QueueProcessing(Fargate|Ec2)Service` allow you to enable ECS Exec, by setting `enableExecuteCommand` to `true`.
> 
> This is not possible for the ScheduledTasks.

Reviewer: Adding some more detail from the developer guide, and breaking up the long line:

```suggestion
You can use ECS Exec to run commands in or get a shell to a container running on an Amazon EC2 instance or on
AWS Fargate. Enable ECS Exec, by setting `enableExecuteCommand` to `true`.

ECS Exec is supported by all Services i.e. `ApplicationLoadBalanced(Fargate|Ec2)Service`, `ApplicationMultipleTargetGroups(Fargate|Ec2)Service`, `NetworkLoadBalanced(Fargate|Ec2)Service`, `NetworkMultipleTargetGroups(Fargate|Ec2)Service`, `QueueProcessing(Fargate|Ec2)Service`. It is not supported for `ScheduledTask`s.

Read more about ECS Exec in the [ECS Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs-exec.html). 
```

Example:

```ts
declare const cluster: ecs.Cluster;
const loadBalancedFargateService = new ecsPatterns.ApplicationLoadBalancedFargateService(this, 'Service', {
  cluster,
  memoryLimitMiB: 1024,
  desiredCount: 1,
  cpu: 512,
  taskImageOptions: {
    image: ecs.ContainerImage.fromRegistry("amazon/amazon-ecs-sample"),
  },
  enableExecuteCommand: true
});

> ```

Reviewer: More info from the aws-ecs README:

```suggestion

Please note, ECS Exec leverages AWS Systems Manager (SSM). So as a prerequisite for the exec command
to work, you need to have the SSM plugin for the AWS CLI installed locally. For more information, see
[Install Session Manager plugin for AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/session-manager-working-with-install-plugin.html).
```
